website(consul-api-gateway): add ReferencePolicy to overview docs (#12861)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/consul-api-gateway-install.mdx

</CodeBlockConfig>

If you wish to create a route for a `backendRef` in a different namespace, you will need to additionally
create a [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy).

> The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace` with a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace` Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy` named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` that allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace` with a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy` named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` which allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

To create a route for a `backendRef` in a different namespace, you must also
create a [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy).

> The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace` with a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy` named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` which allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace`. This route has a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy`, named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace`, allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.
```

Reviewer: @mikemorris there's a stray "of" that makes it read incorrectly
> allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy`, ...

> The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace`. This route has a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy`, named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace`, allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace`. This route has a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because the `ReferencePolicy`, named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace`, allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.
```

Author: cc @nathancoleman

> The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace` with a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace` Traffic is allowed because of the `ReferencePolicy` named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` that allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace`. This route has a `backendRef` in namespace `service-namespace`. Traffic is allowed because the `ReferencePolicy`, named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace`, allows traffic from `HTTPRoutes` in `gateway-namespace` to `Services` in `service-namespace`.
```

Breaking this single sentences into multiple sentences to make it easier to understand the relationships betweent he similarly named routes and namespaces.

Reviewer: I think the suggestion is failing to apply because it was based on the state of things prior to https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/12861/commits/b22db7a1155025ae3200da94ee2d179ac9ed1974

Author: Redid this change in a new commit below.

</CodeBlockConfig>

> If you wish to create a route in a namespace other than the namespace the backendRef is in, you will need to additionally

Author: ```suggestion
If you wish to create a route for a backendRef in a different namespace, you will need to additionally
```
Suggested rephrasing to refocus from the perspective of the route rather than from the backendRef.

I see three possible deployment patterns:
- gateway in separate namespace managed by operator, dev teams manage routes for their own services (requires setting more permissive `allowedRoutes` config on gateway)
- gateway and routes managed by operator in same namespace, pointing to dev team services in other namespaces (requires reference policies)
- routes in a different namespace than both the gateway and services (this is just weird)

> If you wish to create a route in a namespace other than the namespace the backendRef is in, you will need to additionally

Author: ```suggestion
If you wish to create a route for a backendRef in a different namespace, you will need to additionally
```
Suggested rephrasing to refocus from the perspective of the route rather than from the backendRef.

I see three possible deployment patterns:
- gateway in separate namespace managed by operator, dev teams manage routes for their own services (requires setting more permissive `allowedRoutes` config on gateway, no reference policy needed for most cases)
- gateway and routes managed by operator in same namespace, pointing to dev team services in other namespaces (requires reference policies)
- routes in a different namespace than both the gateway and services (this is just weird)

create a [ReferencePolicy](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy).

> The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `route-namespace` with a backendRef in namespace `service-namespace` Traffic is allowed because of the ReferencePolicy named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` that allows traffic from HTTPRoutes in `route-namespace` to Services in `service-namespace`.

Author: ```suggestion
The following example creates a route named `example-route` in namespace `gateway-namespace` with a backendRef in namespace `service-namespace` Traffic is allowed because of the ReferencePolicy named `reference-policy` in namespace `service-namespace` that allows traffic from HTTPRoutes in `gateway-namespace` to Services in `service-namespace`.
```

<CodeBlockConfig filename="route_with_referencepolicy.yaml">

```yaml
apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: HTTPRoute
metadata:
  name: example-route

>   namespace: route-namespace

Author: ```suggestion
  namespace: gateway-namespace
```

spec:
  parentRefs:
    - name: example-gateway

>       namespace: gateway-namespace

Author: ```suggestion
```
Targeting a gateway in a different namespace from the route would require setting a more permissive [`allowedRoutes`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io%2fv1alpha2.AllowedRoutes) config on the gateway which we don't describe here.

  rules:
    - backendRefs:
        - kind: Service
          name: echo
          namespace: service-namespace
          port: 8080
---

apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2
kind: ReferencePolicy
metadata:
  name: reference-policy
  namespace: service-namespace
spec:
  from:
    - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
      kind: HTTPRoute

>       namespace: route-namespace

Author: ```suggestion
      namespace: gateway-namespace
```
